this is how it happens with the camera
or I just had to stop here
and the thing goes again rum
to slip so my friends we do
that now with weigel style what he in
Last time also liked to do or
at least now and then last time
he liked to do his five videos pro
Day
so it is about supplements
my supplements which supplements
he will use a fitness and the
question is answered quickly
only supplement what i use is
a care-team unrat at the moment nor that
from may protein was so the whole time
a month and I next time
change back to the creature
So the rainer fell from
creatin mono hydra simply for the reason
because of the art because I'm yes
problem with the skin from there is a
problem with the skin color and there notice
I just or at the yellow clock I had
Since then I had less problems
went back to ski month is
my skin ran amok again and out
That's the reason my friends will be mine
capricious again next time
now I have to be there that we are on
last time creatine monitor of course
which took a kilo bag at
whose fitness is smart
the purchase of the stock
short
the disabled son
yes I have not thought before ort stupid
decision but next time works
that with tyson will use it first
Kreatin if there are other supplements
that are meaningful to in this
video you have no protein powder in
the recipe video seen
I have been using at home to
but not in my diet
unfortunately not really getting it now
not somewhere once will not be leveled what
I would like to grab then I grab
Of course, then sometimes to a protein
So a way powder but that is
usually not the case
I'm just more into solid foods
that to my friends until the next
video is good